okay this is Taylor and today I'm
pushing this video just sell this base
on eBay this is a 1960s Galante base
made in Italy not a lot known about
these bases they're pretty rare very
cool design this is not original but
these originally did have like a giant
pickup cover guard on them and so I just
bought this one to take it over since
they didn't come with it when I did buy
it it's got holes where the old bridge
was someone had replaced it bought this
and the person did not describe it very
well they said you know everything was
working it was fine there's a headstock
very cool shape you can try and read
Galante and so it was in good condition
but it's most certainly not as you can
see the front looks okay
but if you really look you can see all
the checking the entire front is doing
that now another thing is the sides this
base has gone through everything you can
imagine I'm assuming since I've only had
it for about a month again entire back
is checking no cracks are actually in
the wood so it's a very solid base I
can't tell what the neck is because it
could be just a finish that's aged but
most likely maple possibly mahogany
we've seen looking tuners odd
this spaces electronics are very cool
except once again that the seller did
not mention is that the neck pickup does
not work at all but it's got blonde tone
and these are actually you pick up
controls up here this is off this would
be your your neck pickup and then here
is your bridge pickup which sounds baby
Rickenbacker but once again no pickup
doesn't work
anyways rosewood fretboard when I got
this I went ahead and put lemon oil on
the fretboard because it was pretty dry
looking so now as you can tell it's very
beautiful and almost every knee looking
put a new set of blue Steel's on it and
that's really all I've done to it I was
gonna have the pickup looked at but I
figured you know I didn't really want to
have to take the time to take it out and
take it apart and go through everything
send it off to someone because I don't
know how to do that but anyways this is
a as far as the bridge pickup guys is a
very awesome sounding bass
all the way up but when you turn the
turn all the way down it's kind of loses
some of its volume
once again as I said as a big awesome
face will make a just extremely
incredible baseman said nigga pick up
works but I love the way the bridge
pickup sounds the pickups look like this
single coil but there are actually
humbuckers from my research I found find
a picture online and it's two single
coils that are put together
they're basically taped together and
glued to the metal cover which was
another kind of scary sign to me because
I didn't want to take it apart and mess
anything up and then just lose the
originality of it as I said lots of date
lots of dates not dense really chips on
the paint I'm checking all over it would
be a great project base for someone or
play your bass anyone who likes the way
it sound as is but anyways bid on this
buy it because you got to have it thank
you